good morning it's day two of lovers
I've annotated three poems and now I'm
going to write up my thoughts on the
poems just so I have some sort of
documentation of what I've done I feel
like sometimes I'll remember the poem
generally and how it made me feel but I
won't remember anything specific about
interesting points which I was
considering so I just like to write up a
few bullet points and it is cold so I'm
going to sit by the fire in there
no she was 18 so my dog Margo certainly
did enjoy her advent calendar and after
that I had some lunch I had some Brides
as Hermits thank you come back and it
was delicious
so my dad had actually bought some fake
snow from a supermarket so I sprayed it
on the windows and also on the tree and
it just makes it look so Christmassy
I've just had a shower and I am wearing
my night dress and I've decided that I'm
going to rewatch in bed and into bed I
think it's it's 20 past 8:00 and I'm
going to rewatch this lecture on The
Winter's Tale which I mentioned in my
personal statement and I'm just going to
rewatch it just to remind myself I
remember that I remember the key points
um but I just kind of want to brush up
on what she said just so I'm more
prepared for the interview a threshold
or a margin or a possibility in this
case this is literalized in this
impossible location the seacoast of
Bohemia tell me why you call it tragic
my voice is still so creaky from this
cold and it's so annoying because I'm
going up tomorrow and I really don't
want to have a cough whilst I'm in the
interview it just seems a bit rude it's
not like I have a headache or anything
so it's not actually affecting how I
think it's about 10 past 10:00 and I'm
only about halfway through the lecture a
bit over halfway so I'm going to turn it
off and then I'm gonna watch some more
tomorrow please keep in mind that
because I am at interviews I might not
be able to edit and upload I'm not sure
whether the internet connection will
work so I might be delayed in uploading
my vlogmas whilst I am in Oxford but I
hope that you will stay understanding
about that there's not really much I can
do about that and as I've said before
school does come first education comes
first
this does come first thank you for
watching and have a productive week